Update API connection code sections (#3619)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/snippet/secret-share.md

{{< alert title="Caution: Keep your API key and machine address safe" color="caution" >}}

> We strongly recommend that you add your API key and machine address as an environment variable.

Author: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend that you add your API key and machine address as environment variables.
```
